fix(api): apiv2: allow multi to access all 384 wells in transfer (#4678)
Opentrons/opentrons: api/docs/v2/new_complex_commands.rst

Basic
-----

This example below transfers 100 µL from well ``'A1'`` to well ``'B1'`` using the P300 Single pipette, automatically picking up a new tip and then disposing of it when finished.

.. code-block:: python

    pipette.transfer(100, plate.wells_by_name()['A1'], plate.wells_by_name()['B1'])

When you are using a multi-channel pipette, you can transfer the entire column (8 wells) in the plate to another using:

.. code-block:: python

    pipette.transfer(100, plate.wells_by_name()['A1'], plate.wells_by_name()['A2'])

.. versionadded:: 2.2

.. note::

>     There is a limited number of rows your multi-channel pipettes can access in a plate during transfer, distribute and consoldiate. Multi pipettes can only access the wells in the first row (wells A1 - A12) of a 96-well plate, and the first two rows (wells A1 - B24) for a 384-well plate. Wells specified outside of the limit will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Multichannel pipettes can only access a limited number of rows in a plate during `transfer`, `distribute` and `consolidate`: the first row (wells A1 - A12) of a 96-well plate, and (since API Version 2.2) the first two rows (wells A1 - B24) for a 384-well plate. Wells specified outside of the limit will be ignored. 
```

>     There is a limited number of rows your multi-channel pipettes can access in a plate during transfer, distribute and consoldiate. Multi pipettes can only access the wells in the first row (wells A1 - A12) of a 96-well plate, and the first two rows (wells A1 - B24) for a 384-well plate. Wells specified outside of the limit will be ignored.

Reviewer: Add a note about the behavior in versions 2.0 and 2.1 I think, like

"In API Versions 2.0 and 2.1, multichannel pipettes could only access the first row of a 384 well plate, and access to the second row would be ignored. If you need to transfer from all wells of a 384-well plate, please make sure to use API Version 2.2." 

This note should also be where the versionadded declaration is, so it doesn't look like transfer was only added in version 2.2.
